README.md, before:

## Hey, I'm Kadir 👋
I'm a student and software developer.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on PHP
- 🌱 I’m learning web technologies
- ⚡ Fun fact: I can't tell letter of "R" most of the time. Because I have a lisp 😄


🎯 **2022 Goals:**
- I am going to specify new goals for 2022 as soon as possible


🎯 **2021 Goals:**
- [x] Finishing PHP bootcamp
- [x] Making graduation project [*@patika.dev*](https://www.patika.dev/)
- [x] Starting graduation project [*@university*](https://bilgisayar.dpu.edu.tr/)
- [x] Learning new technologies and new programming languages
- [ ] Developing new projects


## Skills
- 👁️ HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
- 👨‍💻 PHP, Laravel
- 💻 C#, Java
- 💽 SQL

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kadirermantr&layout=compact)](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kadirermantr&layout=compact&langs_count=10)


## Connect with me
- [kadirermantr@gmail.com](mailto:kadirermantr@gmail.com)
- [kadirerman](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kadirerman/) on LinkedIn

Commit message:

glad tidings! new goals for 2022 specified

README.md, after:

## Hey, I'm Kadir 👋
I'm a student and software developer.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on PHP
- 🌱 I’m learning web technologies
- ⚡ Fun fact: I can't tell letter of "R" most of the time. Because I have a lisp 😄


🎯 **2022 Goals:**

- [ ] Contributing to big projects [*@teknasyon*](https://github.com/Teknasyon-Teknoloji)
- [ ] Learning new technologies
- [ ] Learning  new programming languages (it may be Go)
- [ ] Writing and publishing more articles
- [ ] Savor the moment when I code :)
- [ ] Improving myself 💪 Turn down for what.

## Skills
- 👁️ HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
- 👨‍💻 PHP, Laravel
- 💻 C#, Java
- 💽 SQL

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kadirermantr&layout=compact)](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kadirermantr&layout=compact&langs_count=10)


## Connect with me
- [kadirermantr@gmail.com](mailto:kadirermantr@gmail.com)
- [kadirerman](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kadirerman/) on LinkedIn
